Does the host need to clear your memory for you immediately
Little 7
Is it after every time I complete a task
I have to respect you with a foot of heart
Did the host remember something?
Help me clear my memory
Good host
The memory clearing procedure is completed
Please enter the next world after a short rest for the host
What happened to Xiao Qi
It's just that the clothes are not ready
Okay, Xiao Qi
This will retrieve the picture of last night for the host
I woke up
Um, that
I didn't have time to ask your name last night
Your flower name in the night club
What's it called
Blackheart Pool sounds like I'm too much like you
Isn't Zhang Wen's line called Mag saving people or something like that?
That
Add a WeChat
I'll transfer money to you
OK
Next time you need it
Remember to find me
Little 7 teleportation plot